river: Add various string functions to stdlib (#4388)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/stdlib/trim_prefix.md

---
aliases:
- ../../configuration-language/standard-library/trim_prefix/
title: trim_prefix
---

# trim_prefix

> `trim_prefix` removes the specified prefix from the start of the given string. If the string does not start with the prefix, the string is returned unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`trim_prefix` removes the prefix from the start of a string. If the string does not start with the prefix, the string is returned unchanged.
```

## Examples

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```river
````
